Added doc for TaxonomyNoEntries & TaxonomySubtree (#3082)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/search/criteria_reference/taxonomy_subtree.md

---
description: TaxonomySubtree Search Criterion
---

# TaxonomySubtree Criterion

> The [`TaxonomySubtree` Search Criterion](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Taxonomy-Search-Query-Criterion-TaxonomySubtree.html) searches for content assigned to the specified [taxonomy](taxonomy.md) entry or any of its descendants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`TaxonomySubtree`](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Taxonomy-Search-Query-Criterion-TaxonomySubtree.html) Search Criterion searches for content assigned to the specified [taxonomy](taxonomy.md) entry or any of its descendants.
```

## Arguments

- `taxonomyEntryId` - `int` representing the ID of the taxonomy entry that is the root of the subtree

## Example

### PHP

The following example searches for articles assigned to taxonomy entry with ID `42` or any of its child entries:

```php hl_lines="11-14"
[[= include_file('code_samples/search/content/taxonomy_subtree_criterion.php') =]]
```

> The criteria limit the results to content matching all of the conditions listed below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The criteria limit the results to content that match all of the conditions listed below:
```
